
In MINTS product is to guide the users for setting up their own test cases as per the requirement and design to test the integrations and data validations from multiple sources and target systems.

**Complete the following steps to get started:**
1.	Log on to MINTS and click on the **Designer tab** and select **Test Case Designer** after you will redirect to the **MINTS Integration testing framework module**.
2.	Now need to add the source and target connections by clicking on Add Connection and need to select the connection type AMQ, WMQ based on the connection type need to provide connection configuration details such as **Connection name, HOST, PORT, Channel, Username, Password, Queue manager**, etc…
3.	A New Integration test can be added by clicking the **Add Integration** button and specifying the integration details such as **Country Name, Scenario Id** details, etc… After you will redirect to your integration test project.
4.	A test case can be added by clicking on the **Add Test Case** button. Provide the test case name. Now you will need to add test case steps by clicking on **Add Step**. Select the appropriate action based on your design requirement such as **Put Message**,**Send REST request**, etc… After selecting the action select the **source connection** and provide the source queue name **[INLET]**. Choose the test file from the GIT storage directory click on save to add the step. Add another step to validate the message by clicking on Add Step and selecting the action such as **Validate Message, Validate Response**, etc… After selecting the action select **Target connection** and provide the target queue name **[OUTLET]**. Choose the Expected output file from the GIT storage directory and click on save to add the validation step. By following these steps, you can add multiple test cases as per the requirement.
5.	Test case execution can be done by clicking on the **Initiate Test** button. Now you will able to see your test cases which you are configured earlier and now you can select your single test case or multiple test case by clicking on the **check box**.
6.	Click on the **test button** to execute the test cases. Now you will be able to see some processing state for your test case.
7.	After test case execution MINTS Testing framework will provide the **test case results report** with **Success/Failure status**.  
